Today we are going to experience Porsche completely
differently we take part in an eco
Rally There are two teams each
from Germany Austria and the
switzerland it is about as little as
possible to use fuel or energy
to use
Let's see how we beat ours
vehicle becomes a porsche cayenne
not necessarily with low
Gasoline consumption associated
but if you have a cayenne s
then a hybrid is on the way
careful gas foot to surprises
to lead
our participant vehicle here at the
eco rallye is a porsche cayenne s
hybrid, we are talking about a pan
system power of 416 ps so
neat bums, especially since we 5 190
newtonmeter have maximum torque
propulsion should not be a problem
But it's about saving energy
or energy saving and
Porsche indicates the vehicle with 3,4
Let's use standard consumption on what if we
really comes during the rally
Schavan later from the outside is the cayenne
s hybrid on his brake calipers in asset
green as well as the corresponding
deposited writings recognizable
otherwise our four is different
meter 85 long and almost two meters
broad rally does not endanger his
Brothers His services are ours
vehicle from a three-liter v6
Compressor engine coupled with a 95
ps strong electric engine that's us
have a system really power enough
we can be up to 36 purely electric
kilometer ride and that with a
peak speed of 125 maximum
km h I think that is more than
everyday use
our trip takes us over curvy
country roads and through picturesque villages
once around Lake Constance
whether the modern drive of our cayenne
Here, its saving potential can unfold
has yet to turn out
all participants have tried hard
to be as economical as possible
the perfect recipe for saving fuel
but it does not seem to be found yet
the first days were very mixed
I have to be a bit on the car
because there is a lot
weight is there and it is moving
was as much a learning process as can be
I work with the battery one sets
the combustor 1
and I think we are currently in good shape
Mittelfeld but there is still air
above
So there is still potential for
improvements especially if you during
The break opportunity had the
to exchange experiences made
the Porsche cayenne s hybrid sets in motion
the combination of electrical and
internal combustion engine
he can not do so only by so-called
recuperation brake energy store
but thanks to his under the
Load compartment attached battery too
drive purely electric
a porsche is not home-made
especially loud when we are quite comfortable
glide but what is noticeable
our eco rallye as soon as we arrive in one
Village or a city come on the switch
vehicle around and we drive thanks to plug in
hybrid pure electric that has two
Giant benefits for a great for the
environment because zero emission to another
extremely quiet awfully relaxed and so on
you can see the prospects much better
enjoy
we try the relationship between
the electric drive and the use
to perfect the ottomotors
while we are the landscape around the
Lake Constance is ours
Consumption during the second stage
almost unnoticed direction 6 liters
The task of the rally is clear
defined with as little energy as possible
to reach the goal
but if you have a porsche with over
400 horse under the butt has then
you should also try what for
that are capable
We are on a coral though
you a vehicle with so much power
have fun somehow too
or problem again from what sport plus
previously practiced 8
it's okay but not
In the end, it is not for the
first place may be enough
because of our little outlier the
best participant of our group was im
overall average of only 4.9 liters
the worst one liter higher
that was the porsche eco rallye now
are we on target have managed three
Altogether about 350 kilometers
after each stop probably the vehicle
completely fueled or the
recharged battery what you have achieved
in spite of the services that are
vehicle has average consumption like that
between 45 to 58 59 liters I think
We did quite well